Update instruction to run sse server (#3581)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/streaming-api/create-and-publish-sse-api.md

## Step 3 - Start the SSE Server

> 1. Download the sample SSE server from [WSO2 APIM Samples - GitHub repository](https://github.com/wos2/samples-apim/raw/sse/streaming-api-backends/sse/target/sse-server-1.0.0.jar).

Reviewer: This URL is wrong. Please recheck and update.

> 2. Go to the directory where you did the downloaded and run the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the directory where you downloaded the SSE server and run the following command.
```
